---
title: 'New Note 2023-11-20 21:13:00'
author: 'Martin Christoph Frank'
author_title: 'Starting This Project Officially'
author_url: https://github.com/m-c-frank
author_image_url: https://github.com/m-c-frank.png
tags: [note, kickoff]
---

i will create a system that publishes simple notes.
i have bigger plans with this but this is the start to externalize my ideas.

the next step is to create the script that lets me develop this tool more effectively.
that will be the case when i can automatically add this repo itself as a submodule and use the different branches to act as the directories.
this way the structure stays very flat.

but each branch itself will have its own README.md when a new change in the repo happens a workflow will move this branches readme to the documentation pages in the main branch and publish the newest version.
here is the draft: [ChatGPT conversation](https://chat.openai.com/share/cc85351b-750b-45bf-a837-1c854d791f4b)

i also need to change the note name to something more meaningful and maybe start it with an incrementing index.

maybe thats what i need to do:
help people define what their problems are

use the zero assumptions approach
- just ask if anything is unclear
- we can bot just assume neither of us knows anyhting
- if somethings is not clear justask (tm) lol
- i think this needs to be integrated in vimwiki or the other way around. but i actually like this as a better note taking tool
- i guess i just need a way to have shortcuts in nvim itself to do the linking stuff easier and to do everything.
- i guess its just a nvim issue to find out how to do all this and this repo is just for publishing these notes.
- i could have one instance for my private notes aswell.
- and i can add a script in the scripts branch to create a new blog entry in the default private notes location. and so on

im going to bed now but so far i am still able to get in the flow to do them. lets see when that stops happening.

